CONSENT TO TREATMENT
I consent to the procedures that may be performed during this visit including emergency treatment and/or services which may include, but are not limited to,
laboratory services, x-ray examination, diagnostic procedures, physician, nursing, or services rendered to me as ordered by my physician or other health care
professional. I voluntarily request and consent for independently contracted physicians (via Frisco ER) to order all necessary tests and treatments while I am
a patient at Frisco ER. I understand that medical care is not an exact science and that no guarantee or warrantee is being made as to my examination,
treatment, result, or outcome. I understand that I am free to withdraw my consent and to discontinue participation in these procedures at any time.
However, I understand that doing so may hinder my treatment and/or medical outcome.
CONSENT TO PHOTOGRAPH
I consent to photographs, videotapes, digital or audio recording, and/or images of me being recorded for security purpose and/or Frisco ER healthcare
treatment and/or operations purposes (e.g., quality improvement activities). I understand that the facility retains the ownership rights to the images and/or
recordings. I will be allowed to request access to or copies of the images and/or recording when technologically feasible unless otherwise prohibited by law.
I understand that these images and/or recordings will be securely stored and protected. Images and/or recordings in which I am identified will not be
released and/or used outside of the facility without a specific written authorization from me or my legal representatives unless otherwise required by law.
NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
I acknowledge that I have received Frisco ER Notice of Privacy Practices, which describes the way in which the emergency room may use and disclose my
healthcare information for its treatments, payments, healthcare operations and other described and permitted uses and disclosures, I understand that I may
contact Frisco ER at 469) 200-5222 if I have questions or complaints.
ACCIDENTAL BODILY FLUID EXPOSURE TO HEALTHCARE WORKER
This consent includes testing for communicable blood-borne diseases, including, without limitation of, Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), Acquired
Immunodeficiency Virus (AIDS), and Hepatitis if a physician orders such test(s) for diagnostic or treatment purposes. I understand that in the case of an
accidental exposure to blood or other body fluids, state law allows the Emergency Room to test a patient that has exposed healthcare worker to HIV without
obtaining the person’s consent. I understand the potential side effects and complications of this testing are generally minor and are comparable to the
routine collections of blood specimens, including discomfort from the needle stick and/or slight burning, bleeding, or soreness at the puncture site. The
results of this test will become part of my confidential medical record.
SMOKING POLICY
To maintain the health and safety of patients, visitors, and staff, Frisco ER is a strictly enforced smoke-free environment. Frisco ER is not responsible for any
claim or harm arising from smoking, or from my leaving the facility for the purpose of smoking or consuming tobacco products.
PERSONAL VALUABLE
Although the facility will make all reasonable efforts in safeguarding my valuables, I understand that Frisco ER is not responsible for the loss or damage of
personal valuables.
ASSIGNMENT OF INSURANCE BENEFITS
I assign Frisco ER all rights, title, and interest in any and all health insurance and/or health plan proceeds/benefits from any plans(s) arising from the provision
of any goods and services provided by Frisco ER and/or physicians/healthcare providers thereof. This assignment is made in accordance with §1204.054,
Texas Insurance Code.
I also assign and transfer to Frisco ER all rights, title, and interest in any claims against any health insurers, sponsors and/or plan administrators of any of my
health benefit plan(s) arising from or pertaining to any wrongful acts and/or omission pertaining to any of said health/benefit plan(s) or health insurance
policy(ies) including, but not limited to, claims for a non-payment or underpayment of health provider invoices and claims. I further expressly and knowingly
assign all rights under my insurer and/or benefit plan. I understand that any payment received from these policies and/or plans will be applied to the
payments I have agreed to pay for services rendered during this emergency room visits.
Frisco ER file primary and secondary insurance claims for insured patients. I authorize the facility and/or physicians indicated above to release medical
information about me as may be necessary for the completion of my insurance claims for this occasion of service to any insurance carrier or health plan.
I have read and been given the opportunity to ask questions about this assignment of benefits, and I have signed this document freely and without
inducement.
ER ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
I understand that I am checking into a free-standing emergency room, and this is not an urgent care.