CONSENT TO USE AND DISCLOSE INFORMATION
I agree and consent to the use and disclosure of my health information for the purpose of treatment, payment from third party
payers, and other healthcare operations, such as the maintenance of medical records, communication of health information
with other health professional who contribute to my care, and quality peer reviews and assessments.
FINANCIAL AGREEMENT AND PATIENT GUARANTEE
I agree, whether signing as agent or a patient, that in consideration of the services to be rendered, I hereby am responsible for
paying facility co-payments, deductibles, estimated facility coinsurance amounts, and any balances deemed not to be a
covered benefit of the insurance policy. Monthly statements will be sent to guarantors for patient balances. Acceptable
means of payments are cash, money order, cashier’s check, credit card, or personal checks.
Self-pay balances must be paid in full prior to discharge unless otherwise arrangements have been made with Frisco ER. If
the balance due is referred to a collection agency or attorney, I understand that there may be additional fees, interest, and
expenses that I will be responsible for.
Frisco ER will provide a medical screening as required to all patients who are seeking medical services to determine if there is
an emergency medical condition, without regard to patient’s ability to pay. If there is an emergency medical condition, the
facility will provide stabilizing treatment and/or transfer to another facility within its capacity.
NON-CONVERED SERVICES
If any of the provided services are not covered by my insurance company, or if Frisco ER is not able to verify eligibility, I am
responsible for all charges incurred for services rendered.
PATIENTS RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Patient has received a copy of patient’s right and responsibilities.
COMPLAINTS AGAINST FRISCO ER
For any questions or concerns regarding Frisco ER please contact our facility and ask for our Administrator at (469) 200-5222
or the Department of State Health Services at (888) 973-0222.
The physicians, nurses, and the entire staff at Frisco ER are committed to always assure your safe and reasonable care at all
times. To file or voice a complaint, grievance about the organization, the care provided, or patient rights, and to receive a
timely response without reprisal or prejudicial treatment -contract our office. Presentation of a complaint will not
compromise your care under any circumstances. If your complaint or grievance is not resolved to your satisfactions, you may
contact:
Department of State Health Services Complaint Hotline
Health Facility Compliance Group (MC 1979) (888) 973-0022
Texas Department of State Health Services
P.O. Box 149347
Austin, TX 78714-9347